`ConformanceReport`'s contact field update (#2234)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: geps/gep-1709.md

> **NOTE**: The `contact` field indicates the Github usernames or team
> names of those who are responsible for maintaining this file, so they can be
> easily contacted when needed (e.g. for relevant release announcements

> > regarding conformance, e.t.c.). Optionally, it can be an email address or
> > a link to the issue creation page in the project's repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> regarding conformance, e.t.c.). Optionally, it can be an email address or
> a support URL (e.g. Github new issue page).
```
